## 1975. (M) Maximum Matrix Sum

### `solution.py`
On the `n` by `n` list of integers `matrix`, we can arbitrarily select 2 adjacent elements and multiply both by `-1`. For some element `matrix[i][j]`, only the elements lying in the 4 cardinal directions are considered to be adjacent(`matrix[i-1][j]`, `matrix[i][j+1]`, etc.). Our task is to determine the largest sum of `matrix` after applying this operation any number of times. Upon reading the problem description, we can immediately see that it is impossible to make an entire chain of negative values positive. If a chain consists of 5 elements for example, we would flip the 1st and 2nd elements, and then the 3rd and 4th elements, leaving the 5th element still being negative. What would happen if there were more than 1 'negative chains' of odd length in `matrix`? Because we can arbitrarily choose an adjacent pair in `matrix`, and perform a flip any number of times, we can effectively move a single negative sign anywhere we want within `matrix`. This means that after making two odd-length negative chains positive, we can move the remaining negative signs to make them adjacent and then make both values positive. If there are an odd number of odd-lengthed negative chains, this means that all negative numbers cannot be flipped. Because we want the maximum value of the sum of `matrix` after performing the necessary operations, we would naturally want to give the negative sign to the value of `matrix` with the smallest absolute value. This approach also gracefully handles the case where `matrix` contains at least one `0` and an odd number of odd-lengthed negative chains. We can 'dump' the remaining negative sign to the `0`, making all elements of `matrix` non-negative. As the smallest absolute value within `matrix` is `0`, any corrections made to the initial sum of `matrix` will effectively be no-ops, which is what we want to happen.  
We iterate over each and every element of `matrix` while counting the number of negative values, computing the sum of the absolute value of each element, and the smallest absolute value. Once all elements have been examined, we look at the number of negative values. If it is even, all negative signs in `matrix` can be removed, and we directly return the sum of absolute values of the elements of `matrix`. Otherwise, we subtract the smallest absolute value multiplied by 2 from the sum of absolute values and return the result. The smallest absolute value is multiplied by 2 to account for the fact that assigning the negative sign to the corresponding element effects the sum in two parts. First being that it no longer contributes to the sum by the absolute value, and the second being that it reduces the sum by that value.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n^2)$, where $n$ is the dimension of the square 2D list `matrix`. The entirety of `matrix` is traversed, and since processing a single element requires $O(1)$ time to complete, the overall time complexity of this solution becomes $O(n^2)$. The space complexity is $O(1)$.  
  

