## 205. (E) Isomorphic Strings

### `solution.py`
Given two strings of equal length `s` and `t`, we are asked to determine whether the strings are *isomorphic*. A pair of strings are isomorphic when a string can be modified into the other string by changing all occurrences of each unique character to match that of the other string. For example, given `s = "paper"` and `t = "title"`, we can swap `'p'` with `t`, `'a'` with `i`, `'e'` with `l`, and `'r'` to `e` in string `s` to get `"title"`, which matches string `t`; hence, `s` and `t` are isomorphic. A character can be left as is, but cannot be changed to different characters(in the example given, *all* occurrences of `'p'` must be changed to `'t'`, we cannot change the first `'p'` to `'t'` and the second `'p'` to some other character). This can of course be easily solved by using a dictionary, where the key is a unique charcter from `s` and the value the corresponding unique character from `t`. If a character from `s` has been mapped before, but the mapped character does not match the its counterpart in `t`, then the pair is not isometric. We must also remember that the same set of rules hold for `t`, and a unique character in `t` can only be mapped to one unique character in `s`. Using only one dictionary to map characters from `s` to `t`, there is no way to verify whether a mapping is unique from `t` to `s`. To remedy this problem, we use a supplementary Python set to remember the characters in `t` that have been mapped previously. Because the mapping from `s` to `t` and from `t` to `s` does not have to match(again returning to the example, note that `'e'` from `s` maps to `'l'` in `t`, but the `'e'` from `t` maps to `'r'` in `s`), we are only interested in whether a character in `t` has been previously mapped, and not which character in `s` it was mapped to.  
We initialize an empty dictionary `stot` and set `t_mapped`, after which we start iterating over strings `s` and `t`. If `s_c`, the current character from `s`, is not in `stot`, it means that `s_c` has not yet been mapped to a charcter in `t`. Thus, if `t_c`, the current character in `t`, has already been mapped, we know that we cannot map `s_c` to `t_c` and the strings are not isomorphic. Otherwise, we record the mapping by assigning `t_c` to `stot[s_c]` and adding `t_c` to `t_mapped`. If on the other hand `s_c` is already in `stot`, `s_c` has indeed been mapped previously and so we compare `stot[s_c]` to `t_c`. If `t_c` has not yet been mapped, or does not match the previously assigned mapping, then the pair of strings are not isomorphic. Once all pairs of characters have been processed, we know `s` and `t` are isomorphic and so we return `True`.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$, where $n$ is the length of the strings `s` and `t`. Both strings are iterated over exactly once, and each character takes $O(1)$ time to process as we use hash-based objects to store information about them. The space complexity is $O(1)$ since `stot` and `t_mapping` will contain only the unique characters in `s` and `t`, and because both strings consist of only ASCII characters, they can contain at most $256$ items.  
  

