## 1277. (M) Count Square Submatrices with All Ones

### `solution.py`
Given the binary matrix `matrix`, we are asked to return the number of **square** submatrices that contain only `1`s. A brute force solution would take too long, which tells us that we should consider a different approach. Because we are working with square matrices, there are a few properties we can exploit which will allow us to incrementally build up to the desired answer. If the size of a submatrix is 1, a single cell containing a `1` is a valid submatrix. If the size is 2, all 4 cells in the 2 by 2 matrix should contain a `1`. Or, the bottom right cell at `matrix[i][j]` and the cells to its left, upper left, and above should all contain `1` for it to be valid. Before considering submatrices of size 3, let's first assume that the 2 by 2 submatrix on the bottom right is already valid. This means that we only need to examine the 5 additional cells to the left, upper left, and above the 2 by 2 submatrix. At this point, we can start to see how a recurrence relation could be written in order to take a dynamic programming approach. Say that we want to count the number of square matrices that has its upper left corner on `matrix[i][j]`. As described above, we would first check the cell `matrix[i][j]` to see whether its value is `1`. If it is, we expand towards the right, bottom right, and below by recursing on the cells at coordinates `(i+1, j)`, `(i+1, j+1)`, `(i, j+1)`. Because we are counting the number of valid square matrices that have a upper left corner at `matrix[i][j]`, we take these values and select the *minimum* among the 3, which is returned after adding `1` to it. If `matrix[i][j]` does not exist, or it contains a `0`, we immediately return `0` since it is impossible for a square matrix to exist starting at `matrix[i][j]`. The value of each and every cell of `matrix` is computed, and we return the sum of these values.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(mn)$, where $m$ and $n$ are the dimensions of `matrix`. The recursion is initiated at each and every cell of `matrix`, but because previously computed values are memoized, the time complexity is $O(mn)$. The space complexity is also $O(mn)$.  
  

