## 2516. (M) Take K of Each Character From Left and Right

### `solution.py`
The string `s` consists of the characters `'a'`, `'b'`, and `'c'`. In a single step, we are allowed to remove either the first or last character of `s`. Given `s` and the integer `k`, our task is to determine the least number of steps required to remove at least `k` of each `'a'`, `'b'`, and `'c'` from `s`.  
Our first instinct would be to take a dynamic programming based approach, searching for the smallest combination of a prefix and suffix of `s` that satisfies the given condition. However, this approach would mean that each state will have 2 parameters bound by `len(s)`. Looking at the problem constraints, it becomes apparent that this approach may not be efficient enough. Instead, we can think about the problem in reverse. If we know the frequency of each characters in `s`, we can remove a single subarray from `s` in such a way that the remaining sections of `s` contains at least `k` of each character. Essentially, the problem becomes a sliding window problem where we want to find the length of the longest window that contains at most `f[c] - k` occurences of each unique character `c`, where `f[c]` is the frequency of `c` in `s`. This can be easily achieved by using a list to store the total number of appearences of each letter in `s`, and another to store the number of occurances of each letter in the current window. If the window is determined to be invalid, it is incrementally contracted until it becomes valid. Among the valid windows we select the one with the longest length, subtract it from the length of `s`, and return the resuling value.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$, where $n$ is the length of `s`. The entirety of `s` is iterated over at most thrice; once to count the total number of each letter in `s`, once to expand the sliding window to the right, and once when contracting the window from the left. For all three iterations processing a single character finishes in $O(1)$ time, putting the overall time complexity at $O(n)$. The space complexity is $O(1)$, as the list of frequencies `freq` and `w_freq` both have a fixed length of `3`.  
  

