## 726. (H) Number of Atoms

### `solution.py`
Given the string `formula`, which represents a chemical compound, we are asked to return a string that lists all elements in `formula` in ascending order of their symbols with the number of each element following the symbol. For example, `formula = "H2(CO)3"` would result in the string `"C3H2O3"`. A symbol is comprised of an uppercase English letter followed by 0 or more lowercase English letters. Because parentheses are involved, we know that we can take a stack-based approach to the problem, where we store a dictionary of the current set of elements along with their counts on top of the stack. The challenge (or perhaps annoyance, depending on perspective) of this problem comes from parsing `formula` into the relevant symbols.  
Without going too deep on the theory discussing finite automatons and context-free grammars, we can break the rules of `formula` down into a relationship matrix as the rules are quite rigid. First off, `formula` consists of only parentheses, English letters, and numbers. We can break this down further into 5 categories; U for uppercase letters, L for lowercase letters, D for digits, O for open parentheses(`(`), and C for close parentheses(`)`). U can come after any character, and signifies the beginning of a new element. L can only come after U, and continues the element started by the U that came before it. Ds can come after either a U, L, or a C. An O can come after any character, as well as C. Using these rules, we can parse out a single element and update its count in the dictionary of the current set of elements. A 'current set' is simply the set of elements that comes after the last unmatched O, and is always on top of the stack. Whenever a C is encountered, the contents of this dictionary is updated before being merged into the one immediately below it in the stack. When `formula` has been fully parsed, the stack will contain a single element which will contain the elements and their frequency across the entirety of `formula`. The desired string can be easily constructed by sorting the key-value pairs of this dictionary and contatenating their string representations.  

#### Conclusion
The time complexity of this solution is $O(n^2)$, where $n$ is the length of `formula`. `formula` is iterated over once, but a single character may take $O(n)$ time to process since we have to update the frequency counts of all elements in the current set whenever we encounter a C. An example of this worst case would be something that looks like `"(A(B(C(D(E(F)2)2)2)2)2)"`. After the first `2` is parsed, the dictionary only contains 1 element(`F`) to be updated. After the next `2`, the dictionary contains 2 elements(`E, F`), and so on. Since interactions with the stack only take $O(1)$ time and constructing the final string takes $O(n\log n)$ time, the overall time complexity of this problem comes out to be $O(n^2)$. The space complexity is $O(n)$, due to `stack` and the sorting step prior to the construction of the final string.  
  

