## 2486. (M) Append Characters to String to Make Subsequence

### `solution.py`
One may be forgiven for immediately thinking about taking a dynamic programming based approach for the problem(which was admittedly, my first instinct as well). Looking at the problem constraints however, we can see that such an algorithm would take too long to run(or use too much space). We need to somehow come up with a sub-quadratic solution - which we can achieve through greedily matching `t` against `s`. Somewhat unintuitively, we can find the longest prefix of `t` that is a subsequence of `s` by greedily matching each character of `t` with the earliest instance of its counterpart in `s`. For example, consider the pair of strings `s = "xxaxxaxxb"` and `t = "ab"`. There are 2 possible choices when attempting to match `t[0]`, which are `s[2]` and `s[5]`. We certainly *could* match `t[0]` with `s[5]`, after which we would still be able to match `t[1]` with `s[8]`, resulting in a prefix length of `2`. However, it is visually obvious that we should be matching `s[2]` instead as that would have allowed us to hypothetically match `t[1]` earlier than `s[8]` if the character `b` appeared in `s` before `s[5]`.  
Implementing this algorithm is extremely simple. We keep track of two pointers, with each of them pointing to the character in `s` and `t` that is currently being considered. While iterating over `s`, we check whether the current character pair matches, advancing the pointer to `t` if true. When the traversal of `s` completes, the pointer to `t` will point to the first unmatched character, which means that the length of the longest prefix of `t` is simply the value of the index of that pointer. As we want the number of character appends required to make `t` a subsequence of `s`, we subtract this prefix length from the length of `t`, which we can return directly.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$, where $n$ is the length of `s`. While `s` and `t` are traversed simultaneously, the reach of the traversal of `t` is bound by the length of `s`, which means that the matching step takes $O(n + n) = O(n)$ time to complete. The space complexity is $O(1)$.  
  

