## 1462. (M) Course Schedule IV

### `solution.py`
There are `numCourses` courses being offered, with each course being labeled from `0` to `numCourses - 1`. The 2D list `prerequisites` describes the course(s) that must be taken before taking some other course, where the course `prerequisites[i][0]` must be taken in order to register for `prerequisites[i][1]`. A course `i` is also considered a prerequisite of `j` if it must be taken in order to register for `j`(for example, `i` is a prereq of `k`, and `k` is a prereq of `j`). Given the 2D list `queries`, we are asked to return the list of results containing the result of each query. For a single query `queries[i] = [a, b]`, the result should be `True` if `a` is a prerequisite of `b`, or `False` otherwise.  
First off, we realize that we want to be able to quickly determine whether `a` is a prerequisite of `b` for all possible pairs of `a` and `b`. Secondly, we can see that the problem would be best modeled as a directed graph. Combining these observations it is not that difficult to see that the Floyd-Warshall algorithm can be modified to solve this problem. The original version of the Floyd-Warshall algorithm results in a distance matrix that describes the length of the shortest path between all possible pair of nodes in the graph. As we are only interested in whether there is a path between two nodes rather than its length, we can simplify the algorithm so that it determines the existence of a path between a pair of nodes.  
We first initialize the `numCourses * numCourses` list of booleans `is_prereq` with `False`. `is_prereq` will be the prereq matrix described earlier, with the value of `is_prereq[i][j]` representing the existence of a path between courses `i` and `j`(`i` is a prereq of `j`). `is_prereq` is then populated by using a doubly nested for loop - the outermost loop will iterate over the intermediate nodes, the middle loop over the source nodes, and the innermost loop over the target nodes. If the source node is a prereq of the intermediate node **and** the intermediate node is a prereq of the target node, we know that the source node is a prereq of the target node as well, and we reflect that fact by updating the appropriate value in `is_prereq`. Once the loop exits, we simply iterate over `queries` and add the answer for each query in the list of query results.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n^3+m)$, where $n$ is `numCourses` and $m$ is the length of `prerequisites`. Initializing the prereq matrix takes $O(n^2)$ time. Since the prerequisite pairs in `prerequisites` are all unique, the length of `prerequisites` is bound by $n^2$. Populating the prereq matrix completes in $O(n^3)$ time, and answering all queries requires $O(m)$ time to complete. The space complexity is $O(n^2)$, due to the prereq matrix `is_prereq`.  
  

