## 2938. (M) Separate Black and White Balls

### `solution.py`
We are given the string `s`, which contains only `0`s and `1`s. If in a single operation we can swap two adjacent characters, we are asked to determine the number of operations required to move all `0`s to the left and `1`s to the right. That is, `s` should be in the form of `AB` where `A` contains only `0`s, and `B` only `1`s. First off, we can see that there is no 'clever' way to move a character that saves on the number of required swaps. If we wanted to move a character from the `i`th position to the `j`th position within `s`(where `i < j`), we must make `j - i` swaps to achieve this. We can also see that if we wanted to move an entire subarray towards the right by `1`, the number of swaps required is equal to the length of the subarray being moved. Returning to the problem description, our ultimate goal is to move all instances of `1` to the right side of `s`. Based on the two observations that we had made above, we can count the number of required moves instead of actually moving the characters of `s` around. Essentially, we will be 'collecting' all instances of `1` encountered into a single subarray as we iterate over `s`. This subarray will also be moved in step with the iteration, which means that when the iteration completes, the suffix of `s` will contain only `1`s - which is exactly what we want.  
We will use 2 integers to keep track of the current state. `cur` will represent the number of `1`s seen up to this point(the length of the 'subarray' being moved) and `res` will be the total number of required operations. While iterating over `s`, if the current character is a `1` we make no swaps and add it to the imaginary subarray by incrementing `cur` by `1`. If the character is a `0` we advance the imaginary subarray by `1` by adding `cur` to `res`. Once the iteration completes, `res` will contain the desired value, which we can return directly.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$, where $n$ is the length of `s`. The entirety of `s` is iterated over exactly once, with each character taking $O(1)$ time to process. The space complexity is $O(1)$ as we only use a handful of fixed-size variables during the entire runtime of the algorithm.  
  
