## 894. (M) All Possible Full Binary Trees

### `solution.py`
We want to generate all *full* binary trees with `n` nodes, and like other tree-related problems we can take a recursive approach to this problem. First off, we know that a full binary tree can only have nodes that have either `0` or `2` children. Thus a full binary tree with an even number of nodes cannot exist because of the root node, and thus we can simply return an empty list whenever `n` is even.  
For some number of nodes `n`, we need to account for all possible subtree configurations. As mentioned earlier we need one node to serve as the root, and so we are left with `n-1` nodes to construct the two subtrees from. We can split these nodes into two groups and recursively construct these subtrees, however we need to keep in mind that a full binary tree can only have an odd number of nodes. Thus we would have to split the nodes so that both groups have an odd number of nodes. We need to try all possible splits, and for each split we need to construct a tree out of all pairs of configurations, after which we can return the list of all possible tree configurations. Note that the recursive function may be called multiple times with the same argument, and thus we can memoize the results using the `@cache` decorator. In this case reusing the same subtrees do not result in cycles as the state (size of subtree) monotonically decreases as we descend down the recursion tree(imagine a '3D' tree).  

#### Conclusion
The time complexity of this solution is $O(2^{n/2})$, where $n$ is `n`. Without going into too much detail, this specific problem relates to the [Catalan number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catalan_number#Applications_in_combinatorics), where the number of possible full binary trees with $i$ nodes is bounded by $2^{n/2}$. Since we generate all of these trees, the overall running time is $O(2^{n/2})$. The space complexity is $O(n\cdot 2^{n/2})$, since for a recursive call `recurse(i)` $2^{i/2}$ results may have to be memoized as we have established earlier. There can be $n/2$ different values for `i`, and thus the overall space complexity becomes $O(n/2\cdot 2^{n/2}) = O(n\cdot 2^{n/2})$.  
  

