## 1945. (E) Sum of Digits of String After Convert

### `solution.py`
Given the string of lowercase English letters `s`, we are asked to convert it into an integer using the rules given in the problem. Before a conversion occurs, `s` should be preprocessed into an integer by concatenating the number of appearance of each letter in the English alphabet. For example, `abcd` would be converted to `1234`, and `zip` to `26916`(`z = 26`, `i = 9`, `p = 16`). Then, a single conversion involves summing each digit into a single integer. Using the previous examples, `abcd` would be preprocessed to `1234`, and then a single conversion would result in `1 + 2 + 3 + 4 = 10`. Using these rules, we are asked to perform the conversion `k` times and return the resulting integer.  
The initial preprocessing and the conversions that follow are simple to implement. `s` is iterated over while each character is converted to the appropriate integer. The integers themselves are then converted into a string before being concatenated and converted back into an integer. We then extract the first digit and add it to a sum, after which the value is divided by `10` to 'shift' the remaining digits 1 digit towards the right. These steps are repeated until the value becomes `0`, at which point the sum will be the converted value. The conversions are repeated up to `k` times, exiting early whenever the value becomes less than `10`(since converting a value with 1 digit always results in itself).  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$, where $n$ is the length of `s`. The preprocessing step iterates over each character of `s`, and requires $O(n)$ time to complete. Converting an integer with $d$ digits takes $O(\log_{10}d)$ time, and results in an integer with $\log_{10} d$ digits. This means that a second conversion would take $O(\log_{10}\log_{10}d)$ time yielding an integer with $\log_{10}\log_{10}d$ digits, and so on. These terms eventually converge as conversions are repeated, resulting in the conversion step requiring $O(1)$ time to complete. The space complexity is also $O(n)$, as the preprocessed string of integers is briefly kept in memory, and can be at most $2n$ long.  
  

