## 3068. (H) Find the Maximum Sum of Node Values

### `solution.py`
Given a tree-like undirected graph, we are asked to return the maximum sum of the node values in the tree after performing any number of operations described by the problem. An operation involves selecting an edge in the graph, and XORing the value of each node on either side of the edge with `k`. The first thing to notice in this problem is that the described operation can essentially be reduced to selecting 2 nodes in the graph and XORing their values with `k`. Because the graph is tree-like, it is guaranteed to be connected and acyclic. Adding onto this the commutative and associative property of the XOR operation, we can 'chain' XOR operations along the path between the two selected nodes which will result in only the value of the two selected nodes being modified. Now the problem becomes determining the maximum sum among all possible node selections. Obviously, since each node has 2 possible states, a brute force solution will have an exponential time complexity and will fail with TLE. Instead, as is usually the case with this type of problems, we can memoize the intermediate results and implement a dynamic programming solution.  
Each state in our recurrence relation will be represented by 2 parameters. `idx` will be the index of the element in `nums` currently being considered, and `even` will be a boolean representing the odd/evenness of the number of nodes currently selected. If `even == True`, the selected number of nodes will be even, and odd otherwise. The function `recurse(idx, even)` will then return the maximum sum of `nums[idx:]` where the number of previously selected nodes is even if `even == True` or odd otherwise. When `recurse` is first called, it should check whether `idx == len(nums)`. If so, there are no more values left to consider and we return `0` if `even == True` or `float('-inf')` otherwise. This is because we can only XOR the nodes in the graph in pairs according to the operation described in the problem. Hence we must indicate that a selection is invalid when an odd number of nodes have been XORed but there are no nodes left to consider, which we do by returning an impossibly small value. Otherwise, we try recursing down on both choices; first by simply skipping `nums[idx]`, and then by XORing `nums[idx]` with `k`. Since we want the maximum sum, we choose and return the largest value among the two choices. By definition of `recurse`, the value we want is the return value of `recurse(0, True)`, which we can return directly.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time and space complexity of $O(n)$, where $n$ is the number of nodes in the given tree. Each state is represented by 2 parameters, with one is bound by $n$ and the other can only be `True` or `False`. Hence, there are $O(2n) = O(n)$ states in total with each state taking $O(1)$ time to evaluate. The space complexity is also $O(n)$, as the value of each state is kept in memory until the algorithm exits.  
  

