## 140. (H) Word Break II

### `solution.py`
The most straightforward approach is to simply try all possible partitionings at each index. So if the current character being considered is at index `i`, we try adding the substring partition `s[i:j+1]` for all `j` in the range `i <= j < len(s)`. If a substring is in `wordDict`, we take that partition and recurse on the remainder of `s`(starting at index `j+1`). If the current index is equal to `len(s)`, we have reached the end of `s`, and the current partitioning is valid.  
We first convert `wordDict` into a Python set, which will allow us to quickly verify whether a substring of `s` exists in the given dictionary of words. Then the two empty lists `ret` and `words` are initialized; `ret` will store all possible sentences, and `words` will contain all currently partitioned words of `s`. The function `recurse` takes a single argument `idx`, which is the index of the character in `s` currently being considered. When `recurse` is first called, we first check whether `idx == len(s)`. If true, we have reached the end of string `s` and the current list of words is a valid partition. We contatenate the contents of `words` and append it to `ret` before returning. Otherwise, we start at `s[idx]` and try all possible substrings `s[idx:i+1]` where `i` is in the range `idx <= i < len(s)`. If the substring exists in `wd_hash` that partitioning is valid, so we add the word to `words`, call `recurse(i+1)`, and remove the previously added word from `words`. By definition of `recurse`, we want to start the recursion at index `0`, so we call `recurse(0)` before returning the contents of `ret`.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n2^n)$ where $n$ is the length of `s`. As we try all possible partitions of `s`, each character can either be treated as a normal character or a beginning of a word. Because both choices are explored, a single node in the recursion tree will have $2$ children, resulting in $2^n$ total leaf nodes. As each recursive call takes $O(n)$ time to complete, the overall time complexity becomes $O(n2^n)$. The space complexity is $O(n)$, due to the recursion stack and the list `words`. The substring `s[idx:i+1]` is only briefly kept in memory to evaluate whether it exists in `wd_hash`, after which it is discarded before moving onto the next substring.  
  

