## 2097. (H) Valid Arrangement of Pairs

### `solution.py`
Given the list of integer pairs `pairs`, we are asked to return a rearrangement of `pairs` where the `1`th element of the `i`th pair is equal to the `0`th element of the `i+1`th pair. It is guaranteed that a solution exists, and any valid rearrangement is considered to be correct.  
Upon reading the problem description, intuition tells us that we can think of pairs as edges in a graph. After constructing the directed graph representation of `pairs`, we would want to determine a path in the graph that visits each edge exactly once. This path is also called an [Eulerian path](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eulerian_path). We can run a DFS traversal on the graph representation of `pairs` to determine this path, but we can immediately see that a naive backtracking DFS will take too long to complete. This is because a node can be visited multiple times in an Eulerian path, which means that backtracking may take multiple 'wrong' edges until eventually finding the correct path by chance. To avoid this, we want to defer adding the current node to the path until we have exhausted all outgoing edges of that node. This can be achieved implicitly by removing edges from the adjacency list at the time it is traversed, which allows outgoing edges of a node to be updated whenever it is revisited. For example, a node may have 2 outgoing edges at the time it is first traversed. Subsequent traversals may revisit that node, removing the last outgoing edge. When the recursion stack returns to the state where the node was first visited, the node will no longer have any outgoing edges and will thus be added to the path. Because the graph is traversed using *postorder* DFS, the resulting path will be in reverse order, which is trivially fixed by simply reversing the path before reconstructing the list of edges. Note that this approach only works because an Eulerian path is guaranteed to exist.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(v+n)$, where $n$ is the length of `pairs` and $v$ the number of unique vertices in the graph formed by the list of edges `pairs`. Searching for the source node requires $O(v)$ time to finish. Running postorder DFS on the graph, as well as constructing the list of edges from the Eulerian path each take $O(n)$ time to complete. The space complexity is also $O(v+n)$, due to the adjacency list `adj` and Eulerian path `res`.  
  

