## 2147. (H) Number of Ways to Divide a Long Corridor

### `solution.py`
Reading through the problem description, intuition tells us that we can use a math-based approach for this problem. There are no choices that must be made, and the placement of partitions is deterministic. Basically, we want to partition `corridor` so that each section contains exactly 2 chairs and any number of plants (including 0). As illustrated in example 1, if there are multiple plants between the second chair of the previous section and the first chair of the next section, there are multiple ways that we could install a partition. The number of ways is simply the number of plants + 1. Using this method, we simply need to find the number of ways for each strech of plants between pairs of chairs and compute the product of all of these values.  
Iterating over `corridor`, we keep track of 3 variables. `ret` is the number of ways that `corridor[:i]` could potentially be partitioned, `chairs` is the number of chairs in the current 'pair', and 'plants' is the number of plants seen *after* the second chair in the previous pair. For each character, our behavior differs based on whether we are currently looking for a second (or first) chair or not. For the former, we skip over any plants as placing a partition would result in a section with less than 2 chairs. If a chair is encountered, we increment `chairs` by `1`. For the latter, we can place a partition next to any plant we encounter. We increment `plants` by `1` whenever we do so. If we find a chair, we 'start' a new pair of chairs by setting `chairs` to `1` and multiplying `ret` by `plants + 1`. We also have to account for the case where there are no plants between a pair of chairs, in which case we leave `ret` as is(or multiply it by `1`). 
Once we have examined all characters in `corridor`, we also must determine whether `corridor` is valid - in other words, does not have a 'dangling' chair. If `chairs == 0`, it means that there were no chairs in `corridor`. If `chairs == 1`, it means that there were an odd number of chairs. In either case partitioning `corridor` is impossible, and we return `0`. Otherwise, we return `ret % mod`.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$, where $n$ is the length of `corridor`. `corridor` is iterated over once, and for each character we perform a handful of operations that take $O(1)$ time each. The space complexity is $O(1)$.  
  

