## 2054. (M) Two Best Non-Overlapping Events

### `solution.py`
The 2D list `events` is a list of events, with each event represented by a list of 3 integers `[s, e, v]`. `s` and `e` are the starting and ending times for the event, and `v` is the value associated with the event. Given `events`, we are asked to determine the largest achievable total value of at most 2 non-overlapping events. Note that starting and ending times are inclusive - that is, an event ending at `5` and an event starting at `5` are considered to be overlapping.  
First off, we can see that we can precompute the maximum value for each starting time. If we sort the list of events in ascending order of their starting time and iterate over the list in reverse, we can predetermine the maximum value among events starting at or later than time `t` for all possible `t`. To determine the largest value of a non-overlapping event, we need to find the smallest unique starting time that is larger than the ending time of the current event. This can be accomplished by using binary search on the list of unique starting times. If we use a dictionary to store the largest value of events per starting time, we can simply use the list of keys as Python dictionaries remember the insertion order of keys. If the ending time of an event is `e`, we search the list for `e+1`. If a non-overlapping event does not exist, we simply add a value of `0` to the value of the current event.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n\log n + n\log k)$, where $n$ is the length of `events` and $k$ the number of unique starting times of all events. `events` is first sorted in ascending order of starting time, which finishes in $O(n\log n)$ time. `events` is the iterated over twice; once to populate `max_ev`(in $O(n)$ time), and another to determine the maximum non-overlapping event value for each event. During the second pass, a binary search on the list of keys of `max_ev` is performed to determine the appropriate value for each event. Since the keys of `max_ev` is the set of unique starting times in `events`, each event will take $O(\log k)$ time to process, bringing the overall time complexity to $O(n\log n + n\log k)$. The space complexity is $O(n+k)$, due to the sorting step and the dictionary `max_ev`.  
  

