## 1657. (M) Determine if Two Strings Are Close

### `solution.py`
One could be forgiven for immediately gravitating towards a dynamic programming approach. Upon further ideation however, we can see that it is simply not feasible to write a DP-based solution as it would involve passing around strings, which is expensive both in terms of memoization and actually generating said strings. Instead, if we think about the two operations, we realize that they are both 'non-destructive' in nature. That is, we cannot introduce new letters that were not included in the original string, and we cannot change the 'magnitude' of the frequencies of unique letters in the string. For example if `word1 = "aabbcc"`, it is *impossible* to transform it to `aabbdd` as the letter `d` does not exist in the original string, and thus we cannot apply operation 2 on `cc`. Similarly, it is impossible to transform the string into `aaabcc` as there are only 2 `a`s and `b`s in `word1`. Operation 1 also allows us to essentially ignore the positions of the letters since we can shuffle them around to whichever order we want.  
Combining these properties of both operations, we reach the conclusion that we simply need to compare the letter frequency 'magnitudes' of both strings, as well as the set of unique letters to determine whether they are close to each other. This can be easily accomplished by using a handful of dictionaries (specifically Python `Counter`s and `set`s) to first count the letters in both strings, then count the values of one of those sets of frequencies, and then finally generate and compare the sets of unique letters of the two strings. If both the frequency 'histogram's and the sets of uniquel letters match, we return `True`. Otherwise we return `False`.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(m+n)$ where $m$ and $n$ are the lengths of `word1` and `word2`, respectively. Generating the letter count and set of unique letters for both strings each take linear time, while the matching steps both take $O(1)$ time since there are 26 unique letters. The space complexity is $O(1)$ as all dictionaries (including sets) can at most contain 26 items.  
  

