## 2092. (H) Find All People With Secret

### `solution.py`
Reading the problem description, we know that we should be taking an approach using some sort of graphs as we can model each person as a vertex and a meeting as an edge. Using this approach, we ultimately want the list of nodes in the connected component that contains node `0`. There are many ways to achieve this, but the most straightforward method is to use a Union Find data structure to model the problem. We implement the usual utility functions `ufind` and `uunion`, where `ufind` returns the component that a vertex is a part of and `uunion` merges two components together. One important implementation detail for `uunion` is to rank nodes in ascending order of their labels. As person `0` is the only person with the secret before any meetings are held, we can trivially check whether a node also has a secret by looking at the return value of `ufind`. If it returns `0`, that node also knows the secret.  
We now need to process the list of meetings. As the order of which the meetings are processed factors into the results, we first group the meetings by scheduled time. This is because the secret can be transmitted instantly, so we have to process meetings in 'batches' to correctly process the dissemination of the secret. During each epoch, we simply try merging all pairs of nodes with `uunion`. Then, we iterate over all nodes that were in a meeting at the current epoch while 'reversing' the meetings in which both participants did not have access to the secret. These steps are repeated for all unique epochs in ascending order, after which we simply run `ufind` on everyone to select those that know the secret after all meetings have concluded.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(m\log m + n)$, where $m$ is the length of `meetings` and $n$ is `n`. All Union Find operations can be considered as taking constant time. We first group the meetings by epoch, which takes $O(m)$ time. Sorting the list of epochs takes $O(m\log m)$ time since there can be at most $m$ unique epochs. When iterating over the groups of meetings, the two inner for loops add up to $O(m)$ over the entire runtime of the algorithm. Finally, generating the list of people that has the secret takes $O(n)$ time. The space complexity is $O(n)$.  
  

