## 1463. (H) Cherry Pickup II

### `solution.py`
While this is obviously a dynamic programming problem, we still have to deal with the fact that we have 2 robots moving across the grid simultaneously. Running 2 runs of DP will be tricky as having 2 robots on the same square only counts as one robot taking the cherries on that square. Instead we can simply include the positions of both robots into the recurrence relation, which will allow us to take the correct number of cherries for each state. As each robot moves simultaneously, and each step moves them further down the grid, they will be on the same row at any point in time. Thus, we need to keep track of the current row the robots are at, as well as the column-wise position of each robot. Each state in the recurrence relation will be represented by 3 integers, `row`, `l`, and `r`. `row` is the current row the robots are standing on, and `l` and `r` are the column numbers of where each robot is(0-indexed). If each state returns the maximum number of cherries that can be collected by starting at the `row`th row where the robots are on the `l` and `r`th columns, we simply need to choose the possible next step that would yield the most number of cherries. To that value we add `grid[row][l]` if `l == r`(since both robots are on the same square), or `grid[row][l] + grid[row][r]` otherwise. The base case for this recurrence relation is whenever a robot (or both) has fallen off the grid, in which we return `0`. By how the recurrence relation is defined, the value we want is that of the state `(0, 0, col-1)`, where `col` is the number of columns in `grid`.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(mn^2)$ where $m$ and $n$ are the number of rows and columns in `grid`, respectively. The values of all possible states are evaluated using constant time, of which there are $mn^2$ of. The space complexity is also $O(mn^2)$ as all of these values are kept in memory.  
The algorithm could be optimized down to $O(n^2)$ space complexity by taking advantage of the fact that all states with `i` as the current row depends on the values of those with `i-1`.  

