## 1792. (M) Maximum Average Pass Ratio

### `solution.py`
The 2D list `classes` contains information about each class in a set of classes. A single class is represented by a list of length 2, with the first integer representing the number of students in that class that will pass the class and the second the total number of students enrolled in that class. The class's pass ratio is simply the number of passing students divided by the number of enrolled students. Given `extraStudents` number of students, which are guaranteed to pass any class they are assigned to, our task is to determine the maximum possible average of pass ratios across all classes.  
Immediately we can see that a greedy approach could work, using a heap to prioritize classes when assigning students. To do so, we need to first identify the metric by which to order the classes by. The instinct would be to order classes by their pass ratio, since adding a student to a class always increases its pass ratio. However, we need to keep in mind that we are optimizing for the average of all pass ratios - and hence we would want to assign students to classes that would benefit the most. If we think about the pass ratio, we realize that adding a student has diminishing returns due to how it is calculated. As such, we should prioritize classes that would gain the most pass ratio when assigning students. The pass ratio gain is simply the difference between the current pass ratio and the pass ratio after adding a passing student. Once all students have been assigned to a class, we simply compute the average pass ratio and return the value.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n\log n + m\log n)$, where $n$ is the length of `classes` and $m$ is `extraStudents`. Initializing the heap, as well as summing up the pass ratios of all of the classes in the heap each require $O(n\log n)$ time to complete. When distributing the students, an item is popped off and then added back to the heap of classes. The heap contains $n$ items, and there are $m$ students in total, which means that this step will complete in $O(m\log n)$ time. The space complexity is $O(n)$, due to the max heap `heap`.  
  

