## 2285. (M) Maximum Total Importance of Roads

### `solution.py`
Given a number of nodes `n` and list of edges `roads`, we want to determine the maximum possible sum of the importance of all edges. The importance of an edge is simply the sum of the assigned value(not label) between the two nodes that the edge connects. That is, if an edge connects nodes `1` and `2`, and the two nodes are assigned a value of `3` and `8` respectively, the importance of the edge will be `11`. Each node can be assigned a value between `1` and `n`, but a value can only be assigned to 1 node at a time. Because of how the importance is calculated, we can immediately see that it is optimal to assign the higher values to nodes with the higher number of edges connected to it(degree). We can also compute the 'partial' importance of an edge by only accounting for the value of one node and returning later to add the other node. Using this, we can incrementally compute the sum of importances while assigning a value to each node. The amount of importance that a node will contribute to the total is simply the product of its assigned value and degree. The degree of each node can be determined by simply counting the number of appearances in `roads` as it is guaranteed that `roads` does not contain duplicate edges.  
A frequency list for each node is first populated by iterating over `roads`, after which it is sorted in ascending order. Then starting at the value `n` and working down to `1`, we greedily assign the larger values to the nodes with the highest degrees. We can also compute the importance as we assign values, as was previously mentioned. Once every node has been assigned a value, the value of `ret` will be the maximum possible importance.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n\log n)$ where $n$ is `n`. Determining the degree of each node takes $O(n)$ time after which the list of degrees is sorted, taking $O(n\log n)$ time to complete. Assigning the values and computing the total importance takes $O(n)$ time, bringing the overall time complexity to $O(n)$. The space complexity is $O(n)$, due to the sorting step and list of degrees `freq`.  
  

