## 846. (M) Hand of Straights

### `solution.py`
Given a list of cards `hand` and an integer `groupSize`, we are asked if the cards can be grouped up into groups of `groupSize` where the cards in each group is consecutive. For example, when `hand = [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3]` and `groupSize = 3`, `hand` can be grouped into 2 groups of 3 cards `[1, 2, 3]` and `[1, 2, 3]`, and the algorithm should return `True`. If `groupSize` is `2` instead of `3`, `hand` *cannot* be grouped up into groups of 2 cards as `[1, 2]`, `[1, 2]` would leave the cards `[3, 3]`, which are not consecutive. Naturally, it is impossible to group up `hand` into groups of `groupSize` if `len(hand) % groupSize != 0`, so we check this first before doing anything else. When grouping up cards, we can greedily form groups as the cards in a given group must be consecutive. If we incrementally match cards, we can greedily match cards of value `i` with those of `i+1`, `i+2`, and so on up to `i+groupSize-1` since it will be guaranteed that any cards with value less than `i` will have already been matched. In order to do this we first need to count the number of each unique value in `hand`, which can be trivially achieved by passing `hand` into a Python `Counter`. The keys of that `Counter` is then iterated over twice(which can be reduced to once) to get the smallest and largest values of all cards in `hand`. The value range can now be iterated over, while greedily matching cards using the algorithm described. If at any point a card cannot be matched, we can immediately return `False` as `hand` is impossible to group.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(nk+n\log n+n)$, where $n$ is the length of `hand` and $k$ is `groupSize`. Populating the `Counter` `buckets`, as well as getting the minimum and maximum values of the cards in `hand` each take $O(n)$ time to complete. The matching step that follows attempts to greedily match cards for each unique card value. Sorting the list of unique values takes $O(n\log n)$ time, as Python's built in sort is linearithmic and there can be at most $n$ unique values in a list of length $n$. Matching each unique value takes $O(k)$ time as we check the values of all keys `i+1`, `i+2`, ..., `i+groupSize-1` for a card value `i`. Combining the three terms, we get the overall time complexity $O(nk+n\log n+n)$. The space complexity is $O(n)$, due to the sorting step and `buckets`.  
  

