## 2391. (M) Minimum Amount of Time to Collect Garbage

### `solution.py`
We are asked to return the minimum time it takes to collect the garbage from all houses given the garbage of each house `garbage` and the time it takes to travel *away* from a house `travel`. There are 3 types of garbage and a truck for each type. We can only move one truck at a time, and it takes a truck 1 minute to pick up one piece of garbage. Because we are asked to return the *minimum* time by only moving one truck at a time, the first instinct would be to somehow devise a method to optimize the movement of the trucks. Upon further examination however, we realize that the trucks can actually move independent of each other. That is, the actions that a truck can take are not affected by the states of the other trucks. Because of this we can simply move one truck, collect all pieces of garbage it can pick up, and repeat for the remaining two trucks and still end up with the correct amount of time.  
Now that we have established that 'interleaving' optimal truck movements produces the same result as not interleaving, we must determine if the itinerary of a single truck can be optimized. It always takes a truck 1 minute to collect a piece of garbage. A truck can also only move to the houses immediately neighboring its current position, and the time it takes doing so is defined in `travel`, where `travel[i]` is the amount of time it takes to move from the `i`th house to either one of its neighbors `i-1` and `i+1`. Because we cannot directly 'jump' between houses, we must visit every house in the interval $(i, j)$ in order to travel to the $j$th house from the $i$th house. Hence, it is always optimal to never revisit a house. In summary we simply need to collect each type of garbage in some order, and we collect garbage by simply starting at the 0th house and moving towards the last house. We want to stop moving a truck when there are no pieces of garbage that it can collect, so for each garbage type we keep track of the index of the last house that has that type of garbage. Iterating over `garbage`, we add the number of the pieces of garbage the current truck can pick up and the time it takes to move to the next house. We do this for all three garbage types and simply return the total amount of time.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$ where $n$ is the number of houses (length of `garbage` and `travel`). We simply iterate over `garbage` multiple times, where each iteration takes $O(n)$ time to complete. The space complexity is $O(1)$.  
  

