## 1574. (M) Shortest Subarray to be Removed to Make Array Sorted

### `solution.py`
Given the list of positive integers `arr`, we want to remove a single subarray(possibly empty) to make it a non-decreasing list. Our task is to determine and return the length of the shortest such subarray. Thinking about the problem, we know that the subarray to be removed must be one of three cases; `arr[0:i]`, `arr[i:len(arr)]`, or `arr[i:j]`(where `i <= j`). Consequently, if a sorted subarray exists between two unsorted subarrays we must remove the subarray that includes all 3 sections. Because of this property we know that the subarray resulting from the removal will essentially be comprised of a sorted prefix and suffix of `arr`. While we can easily identify the longest sorted pre/suffix of `arr`, we want to concatenate them in such a way that the length of the resulting array is maximized and the last element of the prefix is less than or equal to the first element of the suffix. The most straightforward approach would be to try all possible pre/suffix combinations and choose the one that results in the longest list. Because we are working with sorted lists, we can simply use 2 pointers to achieve this. We first identify the longest suffix subarray of `arr` by iterating over it from the right towards the left. Then starting at the first element of `arr` and that of the suffix, we increment the pointer of the suffix until the element it is pointing to is larger than or equal to that of the first element. At this point, the first element and the suffix starting with the pointer can be concatenated to create a sorted array. After updating the previously seen length of the shortest subarray, we advance the pointer of the prefix and check whether if the prefix will still be sorted after adding the new element. If so, we repeat the described steps.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$, where $n$ is the length of `arr`. `arr` is effectively iterated over twice; once to identify the first element of the longest sorted suffix of `arr`, and once more to determine the length of the shortest possible subarray that can be removed to make `arr` sorted. The space complexity is $O(1)$.  
  

