## 1457. (M) Pseudo-Palindromic Paths in a Binary Tree

### `solution.py`
A sequence of integers is pseudo-palindromic if a permutation of that sequence is a palindrome. This simply means that if the sequence has an odd length only one unique element can appear an odd number of times, and if it is even every unique element must appear an even number of times. Through this we can see that we would need to keep track of 2 pieces of information while traversing the tree; the length of the path from the root to the current node, and the frequency count of each unique node label in that path. For the latter, we can simplify this to be the set of node labels that have appeared an odd number of times as we do not care about the actual number of appearences.  
Both BFS and DFS approaches are viable for this problem, but here we have chosen to implement the recursive flavor of DFS as it is the most straightforward algorithm to both read and write. The function `dfs` takes 3 arguments `node`, `d`, and `s`, and will return the number of pseudo-palindromic paths from `node` to its descendant leaves where the depth of its parent node is `d` and the set of node labels that have appeared an odd number of times is represented by `s`. We first compute the new set of node labels by XORing the corresponding bit for `node.val` with `s`. Then if `node` is determined to be a leaf, we check the length of the path from `root` and the bit count of the updated set of node labels. If the path length is even and the bit count is `0` or the path length is odd and the bit count is `1`, we return `1` as the path from `root` to `node` is pseudo-palindromic. Otherwise, we return `0`. If `node` is not a leaf, we simply recurse on its left and right children by calling `dfs` on them with the updated depth and set of node labels as the parameters.    

#### Conclusion
The time complexity of this solution is $O(n)$ where $n$ is the number of nodes in the binary tree rooted at `root`. DFS takes $O(E+V)$ time to run, where $E$ is the number of edges in the tree and $V$ is the number of nodes. As the given trees are binary trees, $E = V - 1$, hence the overall time complexity of $O(n)$. The space complexity is also $O(n)$ since the recursion depth has a size of $O(n)$ as the tree is not guaranteed to be balanced.  
  

