## 1039. (M) Minimum Score Triangulation of Polygon

### `solution.py`
`values` is a list of vertex weights of a convex polygon, in clockwise order starting with `values[0]`. A weight of a triangle is simply the product of the weights of the vertices comprising that triangle. Given `values`, then, we are asked to return the minimum weight sum when triangulating the original polygon formed by the vertices in `values`. Triangulating a polygon involves dividing it into multiple non-overlapping triangles; a triangulation of a polygon with `n` vertices should result in `n-2` triangles.  
Thinking about the problem, we can vaguely see that we might be able to solve it through a recursive approach. This is because that forming a triangle inside the original polygon splits the polygon into multiple sub-polygons. Since these sub-polygons inherit the characteristics of its parent, we can apply the same set of logic to these pieces, and vice-versa. Now that we have decided upon an approach, we need to define the state and recurrence relation between them. For a set of neighboring vertices `values[i:j+1]`, we will use the edge `(i, j+1)` as the 'base'. If we were to select an arbitrary vertex `k` from `values[i+1, j]`, we would be splitting the polygon into 3 pieces: the sub-polygons `values[i:k+1]`, `values[k:j+1]`, and the triangle `(i, k, j+1)`. Computing the weight of the triangle is trivial, and it is obvious that we can recurse down on the resulting sub-polygons in order to determine their minumum score sum. Putting this all together, our states will be represented by 2 variables `i` and `j`. The value of a state `f(i, j)` will be the minimum score sum of triangulating the polygon `values[i:j+1]`. As described above, `f(i, j)` depends on the values of `f(i, k)` and `f(k, j)`, for all possible values of `k`.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n^3)$, where $n$ is the length of `values`. Each state is represented by 2 variables, with both of them being bound by $n$. This means there are $O(n^2)$ states in total, with the value of each state taking $O(n)$ time to compute. Therefore, the overall time complexity of this solution is $O(n^3)$. The space complexity is $O(n^2)$.  
  

