## 1509. (M) Minimum Difference Between Largest and Smallest Value in Three Moves

### `solution.py`
Given a list of integers `nums`, we are asked to minimize the difference between its largest and smallest values after using at most 3 moves. A single move involves selecting any value within `nums` and changing that value to any other value. There are 2 things that immediately come to mind after reading the problem description. One is that because we can change the elements to any value we want, doing so would essentially have the same effect as removing the element from the list. And another is that we can sort `nums` to gain access to the smallest and largest values in constant time. Now the problem becomes determining which values to remove from the list, and how many. First of all, we know that it is always optimal to remove values in either extremes. We also know that we should always be performing the most number of moves, which is 3. So how many elements should we be removing from which edge of sorted `nums`? In this case, we can simply try comparing all possibilities since there are only a handful of cases to consider. We have already established that it is optimal to always use the most number of turns. Hence, there are 4 cases to consider. We could either remove the 3 largest elements, or the smallest element with the 2 largest elements, or the 2 smallest elements with the largest element, or the 3 smallest elements. That is, if `nums` is sorted in ascending order, we simply need to return the smallest value of `nums[n-1-i] - nums[3-i]` where `n = len(nums)` and `i` is an integer in the range `[0, 3]`. The edge cases would be when `nums` is less than 5 elements long, in which case the difference would be `0`.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n\log n)$ where $n$ is the length of `nums`. Sorting `nums` takes $O(n\log n)$ time to complete, with the following difference computation step taking $O(1)$ time to run. The space complexity is $O(n)$, also due to the sorting step.  
  

