## 1769. (M) Minimum Number of Operations to Move All Balls to Each Box

### `solution.py`
The binary string `boxes` represents the initial state of `len(boxes)` boxes. If `boxes[i]` is `'1'`, it means that the `i`th box contains a single ball. If it is `'0'`, the box is empty. In a single operation, a *single* ball can be moved from a box to its adjacent boxes. Given this information, we are asked to return the minimum number of operations required to move all balls into each box in the form of a list of integers. Note that the answer for each of the boxes assume that the operations are performed on the initial state given as `boxes`.  
It is not that difficult to see that a brute force solution will require us to scan through the entirety of `boxes` for each box, and would take too long to run. Looking at the problem description, we notice that we are only allowed to move a **single** ball by **1** per operation. This means that if we know the total number of balls in `boxes[:i]`, we can trivially compute the difference in the total distance between these balls and the `i-1`th box and the `i`th box. A trivial example would be `boxes = "110"`. Here, the total number of balls in `boxes[:1]` is `1`. In order to move all of the balls in `boxes[:1]` to the `1`st box, we need to move the ball in the `0`th box to the `1`st box in a single operation. Similarly, if we were to move the balls from the `1`st box to the `2`nd box, we would need to move each of the 2 balls in `boxes[1]` to `boxes[2]`, which would require 2 operations. Because we spent a single operation to move the ball in `boxes[0]` to `boxes[1]`, we had to perform a total of 1 + 2 = 3 operations to move *all* of the balls to `boxes[2]`. Therefore, if we keep track of the number of total operations required to move all balls in `boxes[:i]` to the `i`th box, as well as the total number of balls in `boxes[:i]`, we can simply iterate over `boxes` while computing the number of operations required to move all balls to the left of each box to that box. Once this step is complete, we make another pass in the reverse direction to compute the number of operations to move all balls to the right of each box.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$, where $n$ is the length of `boxes`. `boxes` is iterated over exactly twice, with each element requiring $O(1)$ time to process. The space complexity is $O(1)$, excluding the returned list `res`.  
  

