## 1750. (M) Minimum Length of String After Deleting Similar Ends

### `solution.py`
We are asked to return the length of the shortest string after removing characters according to the rules given to us in the problem description. We first take the pre/suffix substrings, where all characters in each substring are the same. Then we can only remove *both* substrings if they are consisted of the same singular character. Because we want to minimize the remaining string, we clearly want to remove as much characters as possible. There is no advantage to partially removing a pre/suffix(ex. `aaabbbaaa` to `abbb`), so we should be removing the entirety of the substrings whenever they are removable. Now that we have a removal strategy, we need to actually implement it in code. The most straightforward (and simplest) method is to use two pointers, and incrementally work towards the 'center' of the string.  
The two pointers initially point to the first and last characters in `s`. We then enter a while loop that continues as long as the 'lower' pointer is smaller than the 'upper' pointer, and the characters that they point to are equal. Inside the initial while loop, we first store the matching character separately(the implementation stores the character pointed by the lower pointer, but it does not matter which). Then, we advance the pointer until it points to the first *non-matching* character, which also means that this pointer is now pointing to the first character of a run of identical characters. We do the same for the upper pointer, in the reverse direction. At this point, both pointers point to the first character of the pre/suffixes of the remaining string, which is what we started with when entering the outer while loop. These steps are continued until the outer while loop exits, which means that all deletable pre/suffixes have been removed. Note that this algorithm also handles the case where the pre/suffixes are identical (for example, when `s = "aaaaaaaaaaaaa"`) by reconciling both pointers at the rightmost character of the substring.  

#### Conclusion
This solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$ where $n$ is the length of `s`. `s` is iterated over exactly once, with each character taking $O(1)$ time to process. The space complexity is $O(1)$.  
  

