## 1219. (M) Path with Maximum Gold

### `solution.py`
We can immediately see that we can solve this problem through a backtracking based approach, since we want to traverse `grid` while maximizing the number of gold that we pick up along the way. There are a few rules to keep in mind; we are allowed to start at **any** square that contains gold, we **cannot** move to a square that does not contain any gold(which also means that we cannot revisit a square that does contain gold), and at every square we can move in the four cardinal directions. Starting at a cell that contains a non-zero value then, we can try moving to any adjacent cell that also holds a non-zero value and choose the direction that yields the most amount of gold. If at any point we run into a dead end, we revert back to the previous step and try choosing a different path(if one exists).  
The function `recurse(i, j)` will return the maximum amount of gold that can be collected by starting at `grid[i][j]`. Before doing anything else, the function first marks the current cell as visited by changing its value to `0`, while storing the original value in a separate variable. It then attempts to recurse on `grid[i][j]`'s neighbors only if they are valid(are within bounds and contain a non-zero value). The largest amount of gold returned from these neighbors is then added to the original value of `grid[i][j]`, which is returned after the value of the temporary variable is written back into `grid[i][j]`. Lastly, we scan the entirety of `grid` while calling `recurse` if a cell contains a non-zero value. Once the scan is complete, the largest value returned amongst all calls to `recurse` will be the desired amount of gold.  

#### Conclusion
The time complexity of this solution is $O(mn)$, where $m$ and $n$ are the dimensions of `grid`. There can be at most 25 cells within `grid` that contains gold. Hence, the maximum number of traversals that will be made is fixed regardless of the size of `grid`. As we have to scan the entirety of `grid` to find non-zero cells, the overall time complexity comes out to be $O(mn)$. The space complexity is $O(1)$, since the recursion stack of `recurse` can only be 25 calls deep at most.  
  

